all right so the world of high-end noise
cancelling headphones has kind of
settled over the last few years you know
you've got the Sony's you've got the
Bose there's the airpods Max and then
kind of the rest but now player four has
entered the game Sonos so you've
probably heard of Sonos they've been
making these premium Soundbars for years
that's been their most popular product
and everyone just kind of figured they
would eventually get into headphones it
was just a matter of when and how much
cuz that's the thing about Sonos
speakers is they are premium they're
very expensive and so now here it's
obviously interesting enough that it's a
new player but they are also now
expensive
$450 Bluetooth noise cancelling
headphones so at that price the question
is are they actually worth getting so
I've been using the Sonos Ace headphones
for more than a month now I've edited
videos with them I've listened to a lot
of music I've gone on flights and turns
out they're really solid and they do
have some really nice features but there
are also definitely some downsides and
there's really only a small group of
people that I would actually recommend
these two but let me just start with the
basics right so these are the headphones
they are mostly made of plastic and that
is totally normal in this price range
because that makes them super
lightweight and comfortable and that is
one of these headphones best assets for
sure so they're really flexible for
different head sizes and shapes and the
top headband is really soft the ear cups
are also removable and they snap on and
off with magnets and they're also really
soft so ideally you can replace these
ear cups when they get old and by the
way I like that they have a different
color mesh for the right and left Sid so
you can tell at a glance which one is
which also same with the black colored
version that's kind of a neat touch the
shape of these cups is normal and
they're so soft but I feel like the one
thing I want is for these ear cups to be
a bit more deep I mean when they are on
my ears they're fine but they're just a
little bit shallow and my ears like
touching the inside of it so that's
maybe my only fit complaint but
everything else about the way they like
wear is great I think aesthetically they
look like a combo between the Sony's and
the Microsoft Surface headphones I don't
know if you remember those but they had
that matte off-white look and then with
the frictionless stainless steel bands
that airpods Max have that kind of
completes the look overall pretty simple
though not too much branding not too
many crazy accent Pieces Just good
looking and Good Feeling headphones here
is where I start to have complaints
though so this is the case that it comes
with pretty simple design it's like this
recycled material and it's got a
different color inside versus outside
but this zipper right here is so annoy
it's just maybe nitpicking but how often
it gets snagged on the way opening or
closing it is very annoying so I wish it
was either thicker or just smoother and
then the headphones do not fold down at
all to fit inside and matter of fact if
you have them extended they still don't
fit inside the case so you have to fully
collapse them and then just place them
in there so they don't they don't really
pack down very small unfort fortunately
there is also a little floating pouch
thing here in the middle of the case for
cables that like magnetizes in which is
pretty clever aside from that though for
as premium as these headphones are I
just feel like the case doesn't really
match up for
$450 I just got to be honest I wish that
the case was better but then buttons
good to see real buttons so on the left
ear cup there's just one button that's a
real power button so you hold that for 3
seconds to turn it on or off or hold 7
Seconds to pair then on the right side
is a button and a switch so the button
is basically to switch between noise
cancellation and transparency mode then
up top is this kind of a rocker switch
slash button it's called the content key
because it controls all your media but
you slide it up or down to change volume
and then you can press to play pause or
double press to go forward so basically
that rocker controls everything I think
in general Sonos got most of the
fundamentals right with these headphones
as far as design goes thankfully like
nothing critically wrong with them
they're pretty minimal it's got the
smooth stepless adjustment these are
some of the lightest softest especially
uh headphones I've ever worn I think
with deeper ear cups they're probably an
A+ they have a rock solid 40 plus hour
battery life they have multi-point
Bluetooth connectivity so you can
connect them to two different Bluetooth
devices at once so we might as well just
get right into how they sound so these
are closed back active noise
cancellation OV ear headphones they have
custom 40mm drivers and eight
microphones positioned all the way
around for noise cancellation and the
pass through mode I do think these
headphones sound good now they are not
mind-blowing World beating or anything
crazy like that they are still
constrained by physics and Bluetooth
codex but they have a nice full sound
with great bass all the way through
strong Highs at first I thought they
sounded a little muddier than airpods
Max but you can brighten them right up
by jumping in the EQ settings in the
extremely neutered Sonos app and that's
where you can mess with just a couple
other very basic things like onhe head
detection and head tracking surround
sound but like yeah look the EQ is liter
just a Bas slider and a trouble slider
so I hope they add to this at some point
but at least you can change that the
most impressive thing really about their
sound I think is the noise cancellation
it is really really good it basically
erases any sort of white noise air
conditioning droning road noise like
they are incredible for airplanes and
they can absorb even some of the more
sudden noise changes as well I think
this is A+ noise cancellation in my book
and then to my surprise they also have
some of the best transparency mod I've
heard in anything that's not airpods
really natural sounding for having
regular conversations with your
headphones on you can hear the
environment around you they call it
aware mode this is also great so I've
been saying all these nice things they
clearly they sound good they look good
they have all these good features good
noise cancellation they're very
comfortable so what's with the title so
here's the thing the reason everyone was
waiting for Sonos to do headphones is
because Sonos already makes these
awesome speakers they have a reputation
with these Internet connected speaker
systems that are a hit like I have a
Sonos Arc at home and it sounds great
it's awesome I think aside from what
they did to the app they're fantastic
you connect to various music/ media
sources and you can stream them to the
speaker systems and high quality you can
also obviously connect them to your TV
they're great and so naturally I think
we'd all like to have a new pair of
Sonos headphones that can join right in
the ecosystem and connect in the Sonos
app to be another one of our of Sonos
speakers and have all the same
functionality Unfortunately they can't
these are not Wi-Fi connected headphones
they're just regular they're Bluetooth
headphones so what you can do is when
you're home you can connect the
headphones straight to the speakers and
then you can quickly swap between the
ark speaker and the headphones with a
single tap of the content button so when
they're connected you can swap back and
forth between watching TV with the
speakers and with the headphones pretty
seamlessly but the headphones themselves
are not actually Wi-Fi enabled like
they're not going to pull anything from
any streaming services directly to the
headphones like some Sonos speaker
systems might so that's the bummer and
honestly it's I think it's probably a
battery issue why they aren't able to
pull it off on these and this all might
not even be a big deal to almost anyone
because basically no other pair of
headphones has that ability yet anyway
but for a new 450 $50 pair of Sonos
headphones kind of thought maybe they'd
be able to pull it off but they didn't
which means they kind of to me now feel
like almost an overpriced version of the
Sony's that already exist and I'm
talking about the marvs not even the
mark 5S which kind of felt like almost a
little bit of a pointless upgrade now I
actually recently made an upgrade that I
was curious if it would actually make a
noticeable difference to me or not I've
been using the eight sleep pod 3 for a
couple years now and I recently upgraded
to the Pod 4
and turns out it's actually pretty sick
so the eight sleep it was already really
good at sleep tracking with all the
sensors and the heart rate monitors and
all that fun stuff but they' redesign
the tech inside it making it more
comfortable it's also now twice as
powerful for cooling and 40% quieter but
maybe my favorite update is there's a
little tap area on the side so you can
silence or snooze the vibration alarm
just by reaching over and tapping right
here which is pretty sick but the extra
cooling I think is actually making a
difference to me I think a normal good
night of sleep for me I'm getting like
high 80 or low 90s as a sleep score
which I thought was pretty great and
then lately I've gotten a couple
hundreds which I'd never used to get but
now I feel like I'm getting a 100 like
once a week which is unheard of for me
they said the tech behind the Pod 4 has
been clinically validated to increase
sleep time by up to an hour every night
and increase deep sleep by up to 2 and
1/2 hours a month and reduce wakeup Time
by 3 hours a month all these are little
gains that really just add up and unlike
the Sonos app the eight sleep app is
really good and consistent ly is getting
better over time and then also with the
Pod 4 ultra they made this insane
adjustable base that can go underneath
your mattress so it can actually adjust
it to different sleeping positions and
then you can turn on automatic snore
detection so if it detects snoring it
like gently lifts your head up a few
degrees to stop it for you so if you
want to check one out I'll leave a link
below it's 8sleep.com
MKBHD and then if you use code MKBHD you
get $350 off a pod 4 ultra or 200 bucks
off a pod 4 you're welcome so at the end
of the day let's say you're in the
market for some high-end noise
cancelling headphones right obviously
there are some choices these feel like
they're a direct competitor to airpods
Max most people who have an iPhone and
iPad or a Mac and a bunch of stuff in
the ecosystem who still want that
seamless experience will probably still
go with airpods Max even though they're
more expensive but what I will say is
those are heavier and I probably
wouldn't buy those right now I think
there's got to be a new version of those
like right around the corner just just
as a PSA but then there's the Bose and
the Sony's that I mentioned earlier
which are essentially 90% of the same
headphones that have a lot of the same
benefits but $1 to $200 cheaper so the
only way that I feel like I can shoehorn
in recommending this pair of Sonos
headphones is I guess one if you just
really love the brand and you know got
the money and you don't care fine two is
if you want the best transparency mode
that isn't
airpods that's these but then three is
if you switch between watching TV with
your speakers and your headphones
particularly often like I'm not
personally that person but the one use
case I feel like I hear all the time is
like people who live together but one of
them wants to watch TV while the other
doesn't wake up or doesn't hear or
something like that so if you're that
person and you already have or about to
get the Sonos Arc Soundbar then in that
case these are a great pair with that
just because of that quick seamless
switch feature but that's kind of it
otherwise they're just a normal solid
pair of bluetooth headphones so I'll
leave links to all my other headphone
reviews below check them out get
subscribed if you haven't already thanks
for watching and I'll catch you guys in
the next one peace